add DD dashboard + fucntional logs (#275)
metalbear-co/mirrord.dev: content/docs/managing-mirrord/monitoring/index.md

The mirrord Operator can produce logs in JSON format that can be digested by most popular logging solutions (DataDog, Dynatrace, etc).
To enable JSON logging, set `operator.jsonLog` to `true` in the Operator Helm chart values.
The log level is `INFO` by default, and can be changed using the `RUST_LOG` environment variable in the Operator container, which takes values in the following format: `mirrord={log_level}` (e.g. `mirrord=debug`).

## Functional Logs

> _functional logs are available from operator version 3.80.0 / Chart version 1.3.2 and are currently WIP, meaning it can change_

Reviewer: Remove, we don't write min version about anything else in the docs

> There are logs which we set on info level for building dashboards/integrations above, and tend to keep the interface stable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following logs are written with log level `INFO`, and can be used for dashboards within monitoring solutions in order to monitor mirrord usage within your organization:
```

> Log messages:

Reviewer: Change them all to past tense, i.e. Target Copied, Port Stolen, etc.

- Copy Target
- Port Steal
- Port Mirror
- Port Release
- Session Start
- Session End

Fields:

> |field|description|events|

Reviewer: Change the order of the logs to make more sense, from general to specific (e.g. "session id" should come before "scale_down")

|---|---|---|
|client_hostname|`whoami::hostname` of client|`All`|
|client_name|`whoami::realname` of client|`All`|

> |client_user|kubenetes user of client (via k8s RBAC)|`All`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|client_user|Kubernetes user of client (via k8s RBAC)|`All`|
```

> |http_filter|http filter for stealing http connections|`Port Steal`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|http_filter|The client's configured [HTTP Filter](https://mirrord.dev/docs/reference/configuration/#feature-network-incoming-http-filter)|`Port Steal`|
```

> |port|port number (if relevant)|`Port Steal` `Port Mirror` `Port Release`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|port|port number|`Port Steal` `Port Mirror` `Port Release`|
```

> |scale_down|if target was scaled down|`Copy Target`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|scale_down|whether the session's target was scaled down|`Copy Target`|
```

> |session_id|unique id for individial mirrord execution (base64)|`Port Steal`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|session_id|unique id for individual mirrord sessions|`Port Steal`
```

`Port Mirror` `Port Release` `Session Start` `Session End`|

> |session_duration|time in seconds of session's existance|`Session End`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|session_duration|the session's duration in seconds|`Session End`|
```

> |target|kubernetes resource targeted|`All`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|target|the session's target|`All`|
```
